Docs - Split Developing collections page, add info on optional module_utils (#74105)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/dev_guide/developing_collections.rst

.. _developing_collections:

**********************
Developing collections
**********************

> Collections are a distribution format for Ansible content. You can package and distribute playbooks, roles, modules, and plugins using collections. A typical collection addresses a set of related use cases. For example, the <need example here ???????> collection automates <complete example here ?????>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collections are a distribution format for Ansible content. You can package and distribute playbooks, roles, modules, and plugins using collections. A typical collection addresses a set of related use cases. For example, the ``cisco.ios`` collection automates management of Cisco IOS devices.
```
